<!--
  #%L
  Xcode Maven Plugin
  %%
  Copyright (C) 2012 SAP AG
  %%
  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
  #L%
  -->
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html>
<head>
<title>Advanced Project Structure - Modules</title>
</head>

<body>

	<h2>Advanced Project Structure - Modules</h2>

	<p>It is not possible to have multiple XCode projects in one
		"src/xcode" folder, however module builds are allowed. In this case
		the project structure has to be the following:</p>
	<pre>
 |-- project-root
      |-- pom.xml                               The project pom xml.
      |
      |-- &lt;MavenModule1Root&gt;
      |  |-- src
      |     |-- xcode                           The <span>"xcode"</span> folder contains the whole XCode project. Copy your project there.
      |        |-- MyNewProject
      |           |-- &lt;sources&gt;, ...
      |        |-- MyNewProject.xcodeproj
      |        |-- MyNewProjectTests
      |           |-- &lt;sources&gt;, ...
      |  |-- pom.xml                            The module pom.
      |
      |-- &lt;MavenModule2Root&gt;
      |  |-- src
      |     |-- xcode                           The <span>"xcode"</span> folder contains the whole XCode project. Copy your project there.
      |        |-- MyNewProject2
      |           |-- &lt;sources&gt;, ...
      |        |-- MyNewProject2.xcodeproj
      |        |-- MyNewProjectTests2
      |           |-- &lt;sources&gt;, ...
      |  |-- pom.xml                            The module pom.
      |
      |.....
</pre>

	<p>The project pom then must contain the references to its module
		projects.</p>
	<pre>
&lt;modules&gt;
  &lt;module&gt;XCodeProject1Name/pom.xml&lt;/module&gt;
  &lt;module&gt;XCodeProject2Name/pom.xml&lt;/module&gt;
  ......
&lt;/modules&gt;

</pre>


	<h2>Limitations</h2>
	<p>
		In case of a module containing applications, the module pom itself
		must not be deployed. To skip the deployment of the module pom, the
		property
		<tt>maven.deploy.skip</tt>
		must be set to
		<tt>true</tt>
		:
	</p>
	<pre>...
&lt;properties&gt;
  &lt;maven.deploy.skip&gt;true&lt;/maven.deploy.skip&gt;
&lt;/properties&gt;
...
</pre>


	<p>Since the module pom is not deployed, it is not possible to use
		the module pom as parent pom. It is not possible to use a parent pom
		file that is part of the module build.</p>

</body>
</html>